I know.
Treat women as toys
Just throw it away.
Then you are still like you, right?
Lost the flowers
My pollen is dying.
When did this happen?
Now I am
Mr. Shen, I've thought it through
This contract
I signed it.
Of course it's best if you can think clearly
But he still understands my painstaking efforts
What does that mean?
Overbearing President
Not all like this
A little white flower that regards money as dung?
How are you fascinated by me?
I thought you could figure it out
backbone
Is the most useless thing
In Mr. Shen's eyes
I don't have the backbone to study
Have dignity?
I know you're short of money
I thought so too.
You can understand